# manaslu-circuit-trek
Short Manaslu trek  Short Manaslu Circuit Trekking is the famous less crowded journey of Himalayas. During trekking we able to explore several villages and the Tibetan border. Around Manaslu trekking is a marvelous place for exploring the hidden treasures. Since a few years interested in wilderness explorer are increasing. So, there is enough number of good teahouses and lodges. However, Nubri valley of the Himalayas is a blessed, and remote land. While on the short Nepal trek the marvel magnificent views stand as a world 8th highest peak.  Short Trekking is popular for a combination of both Hindu and Buddhism culture. Nepal is the adventure junkies that get their thrill from the various trek route. Larkya-La pass is wonderful trekking pass in the isolated hidden Valley. Trekking throughout the Nubri valley adds spiritual charm on the top of the natural and Himalayan wonder. At the time of trekking, we will have a great view of the mountain, and beautiful village. This best trip for budget Manaslu trek is suitable for the real hiker.  11 days Short Manaslu trek itinerary Short Manaslu circuit trekking is an ideal that holds wonderful cultural heritages, unparalleled Himalayan vista. So 11 days Manaslu short trek is suitable to conquered around Valley in a few days. The trek begins from Arughat after 8 hours driving. The 11 days short Manaslu circuit trek itinerary features all the great aspects of a classic. In this way, we will end the wonderful and shortest trek in Annapurna. The unique Tibetan dialect language and culture reflect the years old Himalayan nature. Natural Valley please the travelers abundantly in their visit.
